README.md, before:

# React Treasure Hunt

### Remember:
- Pseudocode!!
- Ask clarifying questions

### User Stories
- As a user, I can see a page with a 3 by 3 grid board game with a question mark in each square.
- Added a div square with an `id="square"`
```css
#square {
    height: 200px;
    width: 200px;
    border: 2px solid black;
    text-align: center;
    font-size: 10rem;
}


as a user when I click on one of the question marks an alert apperas with the index position of that question mark in
in the array
- passes inddex to squares
- called index onClick in squares
- created a method in app that displays the index of our square 

- As a user, when I click on one of the question marks an alert appears with the index position of that question mark in the array.
- As a user, when I click on one of the question marks instead of the alert the question mark turns into a tree emoji.
- As a user, if I select the winning square the question mark will become a treasure emoji.
- As a user, if I select the losing square the question mark will become a bomb emoji.
- As a user, I can see a counter that shows how many guesses I have left. The counter starts at 5 and decrements one every time I click on a square that is not the treasure nor the bomb.
- As a user, I can see a message informing me that I won the game if I select the square that contains the treasure.
- As a user, I can see a message informing me that I lost the game if I select the square that contains the bomb.
- As a user, I cannot continue to play the game after I win or lose.
- As a user, I can see a message informing me that I lost the game when I run out of turns (the counter reaches zero).
- As a user, I can click on a “Play Again” button that will restart the game.

### Process
- Accept assignment from Githhub classroom
- CLone repo
- cd into correct folder
- run command `yarn`
-

Commit message:

adds the ability to uncover a treasure at a random location

README.md, after:

# React Treasure Hunt

### Remember:
- Pseudocode!!
- Ask clarifying questions

### User Stories
- As a user, I can see a page with a 3 by 3 grid board game with a question mark in each square.
- Added a div square with an `id="square"`
<!-- ```css
#square {
    height: 200px;
    width: 200px;
    border: 2px solid black;
    text-align: center;
    font-size: 10rem;
}
 -->

##as a user when I click on one of the question marks an alert apperas with the index position of that question mark in
in the array
- passes inddex to squares
- called index onClick in squares
- created a method in app that displays the index of our square
- As a user, when I click on one of the question marks an alert appears with the index position of that question mark in the array.


## As a user, when I click on one of the question marks instead of the alert the question mark turns into a tree emoji.##
- git checkout -b tree-functionality
- emoji keyboard: control, command, spacebar
- set the index to be a tree emoji and set state with the updated value
- added treasureLocation to our state object
- componentDidMount to set a random number to treasureLocation


##As a user, if I select the winning square the question mark will become a treasure emoji.
- git checkout -b adding-treasure



- As a user, if I select the losing square the question mark will become a bomb emoji.
- As a user, I can see a counter that shows how many guesses I have left. The counter starts at 5 and decrements one every time I click on a square that is not the treasure nor the bomb.
- As a user, I can see a message informing me that I won the game if I select the square that contains the treasure.
- As a user, I can see a message informing me that I lost the game if I select the square that contains the bomb.
- As a user, I cannot continue to play the game after I win or lose.
- As a user, I can see a message informing me that I lost the game when I run out of turns (the counter reaches zero).
- As a user, I can click on a “Play Again” button that will restart the game.

### Process
- Accept assignment from Githhub classroom
- CLone repo
- cd into correct folder
- run command `yarn`
-
